What?
Dad.
Isn't he a landlord?
Project Manager
Why are you asking me?
You don't know anything.
He's, so with the gold medal of the design award
The creative cycle comes from exploring creativity.
It's not.
Well, anyway.
Take care of him for me.
He's the lifeblood of our company.
Chairman, it seems like you really care about Mr. Hui.
At first to take him to the company.
How much work I've put in, it's not that you don't know.
Jiang Bay Group can have glory today
He made it by hand.
Maybe God cares about me.
If it wasn't for that little Guo Cheng who stole Xu Thien's blueprints.
I really can't invite him.
Ha ha ha ha
Have you found the information of the Lord?
HR still has no information.
General Director Jiang, isn't that a big boss?
Did I really remember wrong?
The Reproductive Life Project is not Quach Thanh's.
It's Guo City, that's right.
Oh, I know.
It must be that Hui Thien faked a resume to trick us president through the back door to the company.
So the new employee doesn't have his information.
It's shameless.
I guess so.
Or are you smart?
But now I'm recovering.
It's better not to tell him first.
Does General Director Jiang want me to call you for that process?
Let's talk.
Very handsome, high level of education.
No, I have a friend.
Better than him.
It turns out that our Master Giang already has the heart to belong.
Are you a classmate or a friend?
General Director Zhang is no good.
There's a problem with the river crossing.
What's going on?
People at the construction site said there was a problem with a classmate.
They're just looking for fictional connections.